Nicholas Nguyen

Home smart speakers include products like the Google Home, Amazon Alexa,
and the Apple Homepod. These products serve as both a bluetooth speaker
and as a digital personal assistants. They sit idly and listen for their
activation phrase such as "Hey, Google" or "Siri" at which point they wake up
for more voice commands.

Two security goals that are crucial for these are confidentiality and
availibility. Because the speakers essentially have a mic that is always
on, it's critical that any data sent is properly encrypted. If the data is
poorly encrypted or not encrypted at all, any man in the middle that can 
listen in to everything that the mic picks up. Availability is important
because the benefit to having a smart speaker is that it is always 
available. If the server the assistant uses is down, then half the 
functionality of a smart speaker is gone. 

Two potential threats to smart speakers are man-in-the-middle attacks and
denial of service attacks. With a man-in-the-middle attack, an adversary
will be able to hear everything that's being said both before and after the 
assistant is called. Because the speakers are constantly polling to hear their
activation phrase, they take in everything they hear and send it to a 
server to process. A man-in-the-middle could theoretically hear everything 
that's being said near the speaker. Another problem that arises is if the 
server the speakers rely on goes down. The speakers themselves are not powerful
enough computers to parse speech and search the internet, so they rely on
sending information to external servers to do the calculations. If these
servers go down, the speakers can't do any of their smart functionalities.

Two defences against these threats are encryption and redundency. Encryption
is important because is a man in the middle does get access to the voice clips
as they go across the internet, they can not actually open it up and listen in.
Redundency will help prevent denial of service attacks because by haviing 
multiple servers all handling the same processing, if one of them goes down,
the others are still up and available to help.

Smart speakers are a fascinating new technology with a lot of potential. 
However, their listening nature leads to huge privacy and reliabilty concerns.
However, through careful security measures, the potential of these devices can
be fully reached.